The previous minister
His Majesty confirms that the Yellow Calamity has raged in this pass
Most of them are still heavy.
This is crucial
Friend, what does this mean?
I read an ancient book before the gods
It contains a description of locusts
This locust has a special structure
Divided into social and solitary
And the simple answer is this.
When the yellow disaster has not yet formed
Before the locusts swarm
It is green as a whole or green as a whole.
Now yellow worms are non-toxic.
Delicious meat
nutritious
After frying, it tastes like flying shrimp.
Ah, but if the locusts have swarms
The color will turn gray black or yellow
Grumpy
Toxins can even form within a few hours
If too much is useless at this time
It is harmful to the body
Cui Zhuangyuan and Prime Minister Xu said that yellow worms are poisonous
This is the social yellow worm.
But the Guanzhong yellow disaster has not yet broken out
It can completely encourage the common people to catch green yellow worms
There are many people in front of me
Food culture has a long history
Can yellow worms be used as a delicacy?
It's absurd. It's absurd.
I will become mixed black
Your Majesty, although the amount of bones is gibberish
deceive the public
He can go underground with heavy punishment to urge love
Are locusts really divided into two mindsets?
Avoid the purple and yellow species. There are indeed two kinds.
It's green and gray black.
The outbreak of the purple yellow fast is indeed as the lamb said
It's gray-black yellow
But toxic and non-toxic
Green to gray to black
Just the difference between living alone and living in groups
This is impossible to verify.
I thought it was too funny
Impossible
For the people of the world
The lamb is willing to sacrifice himself for the country
Locusts caught by His Majesty
The more I wish to be a gentleman, the better
As long as it's a green locust
The ministers are willing to buy at a low price
It's a sacrifice for the country